but to the crutch slaughter in lands of 3
the bull surprised joselito de montilla and corneó in the belly
everything develops quickly
joselito we are mortally wounded
in the sordid nursing of talavera
the corpse of joselito represents the image of the impossible
in the improvised burning chapel
all that is all in the gang
on the stage
the news flies like a bad wind across the country
joselito dead
a funeral procession walks towards the atocha station
blanket the man of confidence of joselito still can not believe it
his gesture reflects an estrangement not to death if one according to phrase corrochano
it was 70 paniego had joselito died for one
the commotion in Spain was indescribable but especially
in seville dressed in mourning and in mind
in a painful stifling rompuy
rafael alberti wrote
and now moral turbulence tears in your handkerchief
look how the bullfight graffia rose
It was the last pass of the bullfighter's shoulders
perpetuated by the chemist Mariano Benlliure in this bad taste told him that
expresses a feeling of grammar admiration
according to mangush oil contemplated in the distance by the mournful and serene
look of the image to the crypt
towers all in the afternoons of streams
an image that was also seized 75 years ago
a saetero canton in the Sevillian night
of a passenger
we bend the knee
in the holy week of Seville because Joseph has died this year premieres
the activity more you really
the bed